Jack Daniel Kinne
PA 5 - Gradebook Aggregator
Reflection Essay

The most important lodestone I felt like I touched on this assignment -- what makes a 'good' program?  
I looked back at my previous four programming assignments, and they were total garbage.  I used the extra time that was given us on this assignment to turn my programming assignment from "sphaghetti" into the leanest, best code I have ever written in my life.  It was also the most challenging data structure that I attempted, and it pushed me to my limits.  
The largest challenge of this assignment was that data structure -- the concepts.  I went to the library and doodled on the whiteboard.  I made UML diagrams.  I drew it in the back of my notebook.  I dreamed about the way the pieces work.  Slowly, it started to make sense.  
Contextually (in the sense of understand the pieces of code) this assignment was also the most challenging, because almost everything I did and wanted to do was new to me.  I had to find solutions constantly to small, individual problems as I encountered them.  
I definitely made this assignment harder (and then easier) by using particularly unique data structures.  I couldn't really talk to my classmates about what I was doing, because most everyone was using a Umap of vectors, and I wasn't.  But in the end, the structures I chose made the formating much easier, in my opinion, after the fact.
My best advice to future students this: Go over your data structure as elements flow into and out of it until you start dreaming about how they work.  And then double check yourself--if you can explain it to your roommate who is an art major and they understand, then congratualtions, you've got it.
The most fun I had with this project was the relevation moments when I "got" a new element's function.  My mind kept expanding.  I recall once that I had one of my functions call another one of my functions.  Or when I used one line of code to create eight data objects, each of them tunnelling another level of recursion downward to create another.  
I recommend in the future that instead of just one check in, we have three.  I really enjoyed that we had smaller milestone moments that demanded we show progress.  Perhaps those could be more loosely defined, but the idea was sound.  
For this assignment, being given to us in the future, it would be nice to go over more CONTEXT and syntax of accessing elements, helpful functions that are neat/appropriate to the situation, and general tricks professionals use to make hard things easier.  Most of my solutions I made up on the spot, hitting a roadblock and having to think around it.  It would be great to have more tools in that particular tool kit.

